# ISA Cybersecurity Specialist Exam
#https://www.examtopics.com/exams/isa/cybersecurity-fundamentals-specialist


Question: Which characteristic is MOST closely associated with the deployment of a demilitarized zone (DMZ)?
A. Level 4 systems must use the DMZ to communicate with Level 3 and below.
B. Level 0 can only interact with Level 1 through the firewall.
C. Internet access through the firewall is allowed.
D. Email is prevented, thereby mitigating the risk of phishing attempts.
Answer:A

Question:Whose responsibility is it to determine the level of risk an organization is willing to tolerate?
A. Management
B. Legal Department
C. Operations Department
D. Safety Department
Answer:A

Question:Which activity is part of establishing policy, organization, and awareness?
A. Communicate policies.
B. Establish the risk tolerance.
C. Identify detailed vulnerabilities.
D. Implement countermeasures.
Answer:A

Question:Which service does an Intrusion Detection System (IDS) provide?
A. It is the lock on the door for networks and computer systems.
B. It is effective against all vulnerabilities in networks and computer systems.
C. It blocks malicious activity in networks and computer systems.
D. It detects attempts to break into or misuse a computer system.
Answer:D

Question:Which is the PRIMARY responsibility of the network layer of the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model?
A. Forwards packets, including routing through intermediate routers
B. Gives transparent transfer of data between end users
C. Provides the rules for framing, converting electrical signals to data
D. Handles the physics of getting a message from one device to another
Answer:A

Question:Which steps are included in the ISA/IEC 62443 assess phase?
A. Cybersecurity requirements specification and detailed cyber risk assessment
B. Cybersecurity requirements specification and allocation of IACS assets to zones and conduits
C. Detailed cyber risk assessment and cybersecurity maintenance, monitoring, and management of change
D. Allocation of IACS assets to zones and conduits, and detailed cyber risk assessment
Answer:D

Question:What type of security level defines what a component or system is capable of meeting?
A. Capability security level
B. Achieved security level
C. Design security level
D. Target security level
Answer:A

Question:Which steps are part of implementing countermeasures?
A. Establish the risk tolerance and select common countermeasures.
B. Establish the risk tolerance and update the business continuity plan.
C. Select common countermeasures and update the business continuity plan.
D. Select common countermeasures and collaborate with stakeholders.
Answer:A

Question:Authorization (user accounts) must be granted based on which of the following?
A. Individual preferences
B. Common needs for large groups
C. Specific roles
D. System complexity
Answer:C


Question:Which of the following refers to internal rules that govern how an organization protects critical system resources?
A. Formal guidance
B. Legislation
C. Security policy
D. Code of conduct
Answer:C

Question:In which layer is the physical address assigned?
A. Layer 1
B. Layer 2
C. Layer 3
D. Layer 7
Answer:B

Question:Which of the following is an element of security policy, organization, and awareness?
A. Product development requirements
B. Staff training and security awareness
C. Technical requirement assessment
D. Penetration testing
Answer:B

Question:What are the connections between security zones called?
A. Firewalls
B. Tunnels
C. Pathways
D. Conduits
Answer:D

Question:Which is a commonly used protocol for managing secure data transmission on the Internet?
A. Datagram Transport Layer Security (DTLS)
B. Microsoft Point-to-Point Encryption (MPPE)
C. Secure Telnet
D. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)
Answer:D

Question:Why is OPC Classic considered firewall unfriendly?
A. OPC Classic uses DCOM, which dynamically assigns any port between 1024 and 65535.
B. OPC Classic is allowed to use only port 80.
C. OPC Classic works with control devices from different manufacturers.
D. OPC Classic is an obsolete communication standard.
Answer:A

Question:Which layer specifies the rules for Modbus Application Protoco1 (MBAP)?
A. Data link layer
B. Session layer
C. Presentation layer
D. Application layer
Answer:D

Question:Which is a role of the application layer?
A. Includes protocols specific to network applications such as email, file transfer, and reading data registers in a PLC
B. Includes user applications specific to network applications such as email, file transfer, and reading data registers in a PLC
C. Provides the mechanism for opening, closing, and managing a session between end-user application processes
D. Delivers and formats information, possibly with encryption and security
Answer:B

Question:Which factor drives the selection of countermeasures?
A. Foundational requirements
B. Output from a risk assessment
C. Security levels
D. System design
Answer:B

Question:Which layer in the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model would include the use of the File Transfer Protocol (FTP)?
A. Application layer
B. Data link layer
C. Session layer
D. Transport layer
Answer:A

Question:Which of the following is a trend that has caused a significant percentage of security vulnerabilities?
A. IACS developing into a network of air-gapped systems
B. IACS evolving into a number of closed proprietary systems
C. IACS using equipment designed for measurement and control
D. IACS becoming integrated with business and enterprise systems
Answer:D

Question:Why is patch management more difficult for IACS than for business systems?
A. Overtime pay is required for technicians.
B. Many more approvals are required.
C. Patching a live automation system can create safety risks.
D. Business systems automatically update.
Answer:C

Question:Which is a PRIMARY reason why network security is important in IACS environments?
A. PLCs are inherently unreliable.
B. PLCs are programmed using ladder logic.
C. PLCs use serial or Ethernet communications methods.
D. PLCs under cyber attack can have costly and dangerous impacts.
Answer:D

Question:Which statement is TRUE regarding Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS)?
A. Modern IDS recognize IACS devices by default.
B. They are very inexpensive to design and deploy.
C. They are effective against known vulnerabilities.
D. They require a small amount of care and feeding
Answer:C

Question:Which is the BEST practice when establishing security zones?
A. Security zones should contain assets that share common security requirements.
B. Security zones should align with physical network segments.
C. Assets within the same logical communication network should be in the same security zone.
D. All components in a large or complex system should be in the same security zone.
Answer:A

Question:Security Levels (SLs) are broken down into which three types?
A. SL-1, SL-2, and SL-3
B. Target, capability, and achieved
C. Target, capability, and availability
D. Target, capacity, and achieved
Answer:B

Question:Which is an important difference between IT systems and IACS?
A. The IACS security priority is integrity.
B. The IT security priority is availability.
C. IACS cybersecurity must address safety issues.
D. Routers are not used in IACS networks.
Answer:C

Question:Which of the following is a recommended default rule for IACS firewalls?
A. Allow all traffic by default.
B. Allow IACS devices to access the Internet.
C. Allow traffic directly from the IACS network to the enterprise network.
D. Block all traffic by default.
Answer:D

Question:What do packet filter firewalls examine?
A. The packet structure and sequence
B. The relationships between packets in a session
C. Every incoming packet up to the application layer
D. Only the source, destination, and ports in the header of each packet
Answer:D

Question:Who must be included in a training and security awareness program?
A. Vendors and suppliers
B. Employees
C. All personnel
D. Temporary staff
Answer:C

Question:Which communications system covers a large geographic area
A. Campus Area Network (CAN)
B. Local Area Network (LAN)
C. Storage Area Network (SAN)
D. Wide Area Network (WAN)
Answer:D

Question:Which is the PRIMARY reason why Modbus over Ethernet is easy to manage in a firewall?
A. Modbus uses a single master to communicate with multiple slaves using simple commands.
B. Modbus is a proprietary protocol that is widely supported by vendors.
C. Modbus uses explicit source and destination IP addresses and a single known TCP port.
D. Modbus has no known security vulnerabilities, so firewall rules are simple to implement.
Answer:C

Question:Which of the following is the BEST example of detection-in-depth best practices?
A. Firewalls and unexpected protocols being used
B. IDS sensors deployed within multiple zones in the production environment
C. Role-based access control and unusual data transfer patterns
D. Role-based access control and VPNs
Answer:B

Question:What are the four main categories for documents in the ISA-62443 (IEC 62443) series?
A. General, Policies and Procedures, System, and Component
B. End-User, Integrator, Vendor, and Regulator
C. Assessment, Mitigation, Documentation, and Maintenance
D. People, Processes, Technology, and Training
Answer:A

Question:What are the three main components of the ISASecure Integrated Threat Analysis (ITA) Program?
A. Software development security assurance, functional security assessment, and communications robustness testing
B. Software robustness security testing, functional software assessment assurance, and essential security functionality assessment
C. Communications robustness testing, functiona1 security assurance, and software robustness communications
D. Communication speed, disaster recovery, and essential security functionality assessment
Answer:A

Question:Which of the following can be employed as a barrier device in a segmented network?
A. Router
B. Unmanaged switch
C. VPN
D. Domain controller
Answer:A

Question:What is the purpose of ISO/IEC 15408 (Common Criteria)?
A. To define a security management organization
B. To describe a process for risk management
C. To define a product development evaluation methodology
D. To describe what constitutes a secure product
Answer:C

Question:What does Layer 1 of the ISO/OSI protocol stack provide?
A. Data encryption, routing, and end-to-end connectivity
B. Framing, converting electrical signals to data, and error checking
C. The electrical and physical specifications of the data connection
D. User applications specific to network applications such as reading data registers in a PLC
Answer:C

Question:At Layer 4 of the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model, what identifies the application that will handle a packet inside a host?
A. A TCP/UDP application ID
B. A TCP/UDP host ID
C. A TCP/UDP port number
D. A TCP/UDP registry number
Answer:C

